Update nodejs.md (#14967)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/nodejs.md

---
## Compatibility requirements

> The latest NodeJS Tracer supports versions `>=12`. For a full list of Datadog’s Node version and framework support (including legacy and maintenance versions), see the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest Node.js Tracer supports versions `>=12`. For a full list of Datadog’s Node.js version and framework support (including legacy and maintenance versions), see the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page.
```

> The latest NodeJS Tracer supports versions `>=12`. For a full list of Datadog’s Node version and framework support (including legacy and maintenance versions), see the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The latest Node.js Tracer supports versions `>=12`. For a full list of Datadog’s Node.js version and framework support (including legacy and maintenance versions), see the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page.
```

Always Node.js. Never NodeJS or Node.

## Installation and getting started

### Follow the in-app documentation (recommended)

Follow the [Quickstart instructions][3] within the Datadog app for the best experience, including:

- Step-by-step instructions scoped to your deployment configuration (hosts, Docker, Kubernetes, or Amazon ECS).
- Dynamically set `service`, `env`, and `version` tags.
- Enable the Continuous Profiler, ingesting 100% of traces, and Trace ID injection into logs during setup.

### Configure the Datadog Agent for APM

> Install and configure the Datadog Agent to receive traces from your now instrumented application. By default the Datadog Agent is enabled in your `datadog.yaml` file under `apm_config` with `enabled: true` and listens for trace traffic at `localhost:8126`. For containerized environments, follow the links below to enable trace collection within the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install and configure the Datadog Agent to receive traces from your instrumented application. By default the Datadog Agent is enabled in your `datadog.yaml` file under `apm_config` with `enabled: true` and listens for trace traffic at `localhost:8126`. For containerized environments, follow the links below to enable trace collection within the Datadog Agent.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Containers" %}}

1. Set `apm_non_local_traffic: true` in the `apm_config` section of your main [`datadog.yaml` configuration file][1].

2. See the specific setup instructions to ensure that the Agent is configured to receive traces in a containerized environment:

{{< partial name="apm/apm-containers.html" >}}
</br>

> 3. After having instrumented your application, the tracing client sends traces to `localhost:8126` by default.  If this is not the correct host and port change it by setting the below env variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The tracing client sends traces to `localhost:8126` by default. If this is not the correct host and port for your Agent, set the `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT` environment variables by running:
```

> 
>     `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    ```sh
    DD_AGENT_HOST=<HOSTNAME> DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT=<PORT> node server
    ```

>     To use a different protocol such as UDS, specify the entire URL as a single ENV variable `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To use a different protocol such as UDS, specify the entire URL as a single environment variable, `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL`.
```

    ```sh
    DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL=unix:<SOCKET_PATH> node server
    ```

{{< site-region region="us3,us5,eu,gov" >}}

4. Set `DD_SITE` in the Datadog Agent to {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}} to ensure the Agent sends data to the right Datadog location.

{{< /site-region >}}

[1]: /agent/guide/agent-configuration-files/#agent-main-configuration-file
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "AWS Lambda" %}}

To set up Datadog APM in AWS Lambda, see the [Tracing Serverless Functions][1] documentation.

[1]: /tracing/serverless_functions/
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Other Environments" %}}

> Tracing is available for a number of other environments, such as  [Heroku][1], [Cloud Foundry][2], [AWS Elastic Beanstalk][3], and [Azure App Service][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracing is available for other environments, including [Heroku][1], [Cloud Foundry][2], [AWS Elastic Beanstalk][3], and [Azure App Service][4].
```

> For other environments, please refer to the [Integrations][5] documentation for that environment and [contact support][6] if you are encountering any setup issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other environments, see the [Integrations][5] documentation for that environment and [contact support][6] if you encounter setup issues.
```

[1]: /agent/basic_agent_usage/heroku/#installation
[2]: /integrations/cloud_foundry/#trace-collection
[3]: /integrations/amazon_elasticbeanstalk/
[4]: /infrastructure/serverless/azure_app_services/#overview
[5]: /integrations/
[6]: /help/
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> See the [tracer settings][3] for the list of initialization options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read [tracer settings][3] for a list of initialization options.
```

> ### Instrument Your Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Instrument your application
```

> After the agent is installed, follow these steps to add the Datadog tracing library to your Node.js applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the Agent is installed, follow these steps to add the Datadog tracing library to your Node.js applications:
```

   When using a transpiler such as TypeScript, Webpack, Babel, or others, import and initialize the tracer library in an external file and then import that file as a whole when building your application.

### Adding the tracer in code

> ##### JavaScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### JavaScript
```
